Who am I talking about?
The person who wants to hurt is His Royal Highness the Crown Prince
You, this kolang, tell me hum
I heard that His Royal Highness the Crown Prince left in order to abandon his concubine
Killed Prime Minister Yan's son and the emissary in the street
Now the front comes to report
The woman is furious
It is difficult to send troops
So what?
I am wronged
Not to mention that the old pavilion relies on the land to be ceded for compensation
The treaty of sending weapons and armor
It's hard to find a little peace
The prince not only did not move
And now it's ruining the peace
Hmph, the prince will put the safety of the country under this sword mansion
I am truly unfaithful to His Majesty
Inhumanity to the subjects of Great Xia
What qualifications do you have to be a traitor prince?
The minister asks that the next sin has been called
You ask for an infidelity from your attitude and taste
Brother Zhao is indeed a moral saint
Who is it?
Arrest all Brother Zhao's family and son-in-law
Collect all the money
Send it to the soldiers together
Kiss your relatives and calm down
Since you have calmed down, you will naturally retreat to Elder Zhao Gao
This is a good thing for the country and the people
Come to think of it, Mr. Zhao Gao also agrees very much.
That's right.
I remember that Brother Zhao was very good at blowjobs
It is better to go to the relatives
When they play with your girlfriends
Brother Zhao is giving a blowjob next to him, thank you, Qi Xiao
How dare you do that?
The history books will definitely make you stink for thousands of years
So what?
Come
Catch all the battle wolves now
I will definitely give it to you.